Whole Application
Issues -> Solution
Currency being used is dollar -> Change it to Rs



Shipment Component:
Issues -> Solution
1. Actions Options (view is working, Edit option is not working, Delete Option is not working also ) 
2. Invoices Declared value (There is unpaid button comes in corner, remove it. Declared Value invoice of documentation incase of issue)
3. Reference Value Default as Phone Number Functionality is still now working. 
4. Create Shipment Component Payment Method radio button not working.

Function Improvment:
1. Payment Method improvment for Create shipment component, Cash option with input and credit


Invoice Components: 
Issues -> Solution
1. Button on Corner Create Invoice from Shipment -> Should be deleted there is no need for it now. 
2. Action Buttons view button should deleted.
3. Action Button Download should work and link it to the Pdf that is downloaded.




Functionality improvements 
1. Payment Status options (Unpaid, Paid, Add to Ledger)
2. Add to Ledger Function should directly add this payment to this Payment into ledger of that specific Customer/Shipper



Payments Component.
Functionalities -> Details
1. Record Payment Dialogue -> Select Customer (It will be integrated to Customer Personal Ledger for Payment), + Specific Invoice + Shipment + Date + Details of payment)
2. Recorded transaction showing in table for all transaction


Ledger Component
Issues -> Solution
1. References of Ledgers should be the invoice number.
2. Action option of View in Ledger Entries -> Should Open a Dialogue box with Date, Invoice Number or Payment recorded, Name of customer/shipper, Shipment, Remaining Payment.


Functionality Addition/Improvement
1. User should have their Ledger using same component and same functionality for only their transactions.
2. Ledger should also recorded payment from payment section, Like remaining payment recieved afterwards and other ones.




Before Moving Forward, We will rectify the Issues faced during testing for the functions made during processes

Issues -> Solution

NewShipmentForm.jsx:
Issues1- Editing and Creating Shipment: Cash Amount recieved is not Updated and when payment is more than shipment add that to account as credit. Put Api is showing error 404, Connecting to the shipper/customers ledger.





